##  Introduction

The dataset we decided to investigate possessed a plethora of musical feature, song metadata, and engineered
variables obtained via NLP that describe the emotions present in a given song in the top 200 list of songs from a
collection of 34 countries around the globe in the past 3 years. Additionally, corresponding data from the global top
charts was available. A significant amount of data was available for analysis; hence, our group was interested in
determining if global tastes in music could be quantified and compared based on differing geographic regions.

##  Data Source
https://www.kaggle.com/pepepython/spotify-huge-database-daily-charts-over-3-years

##  Data preparation
Most engineered variables through natural language processing (generated by the data set creators) were only
applicable to English-language songs; as such, for the purpose of our analysis and model generation we did not consider
these factors in our analysis. This allowed us to access a considerable amount of information for hypothesis testing in
different geographic regions compared to the global average. By extension we attempted to accurately predict the
popularity of a song based on the following basic musical features:
  1. Popularity - A popularity grade generated by the team that pre-processed raw Spotify data through NLP and longevity of specific titles remaining on the Top 200 lists of their      respective countries.
2. Danceability - A combined variable generated by the dataset creators that incorporated tempo, rhythmic stability, and beat
strength to assess how suitable a track is to dancing. This is measured between 0 and 1.
3. Energy - A perceptual measure of the intensity of a track based on dynamic range, perceived loudness, timbre, onset rate
and general entropy. This is measured between 0 and 1.
4. Loudness - Overall loudness of the track measured in decibels.
5. ‘Speechiness’ - The presence of spoken words in a track. This is limited between 0.0 to 1.
6. Acoustics - A subjective measure of the ‘acousticness’ of a track.
7. ‘Instrumentalness’ - A measure of a track’s lack of vocals, this is limited between 0.0 and 1.
8. Liveliness - A measure of audience sound predominantly used to discern live recordings.
9. Valence - A measure from 0.0 to 1.0 describing the musical positiveness conveyed by a track. Tracks with high valence
sound more positive (e.g. happy, cheerful, euphoric), while tracks with low valence sound more negative (e.g. sad,
depressed, angry)
10. Tempo - Overall estimated paces of the song measured in BPM (beats per minute)
11. Duration_min - The song length in minutes
